docs(firestore-palm-gen-text):update the doc for response field (#327)
GoogleCloudPlatform/firebase-extensions: firestore-palm-gen-text/PREINSTALL.md

- **PaLM API Provider** This extension makes use of the PaLM large language model. There is a choice of provider for this API. See the section below for more details.
- **Prompt:** This is the text that you want the PaLM API to generate a response for. It can be free-form text or it can use handlebars variables to substitute values from the Firestore document.
- **Firestore collection path:** This is the path to the Firestore collection that contains the documents that you want to perform the language task on.

> - **Response field:** This is the name of the field in the Firestore document where you want the extension to store the response from the PaLM API.There's a token limit for the response field. This means responses may be truncated if they exceed a certain length. The standard limit is approximately 4500 characters, but this can vary depending on language and context. For more information, check [here](https://ai.google.dev/models/palm).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Response field:** This is the name of the field in the Firestore document where you want the extension to store the response from the PaLM API. There is a token limit for the response field. This means responses may be truncated if they exceed a certain length. The standard limit is approximately 4096 characters, but this can vary depending on language and context. For more information, check [here](https://ai.google.dev/models/palm).
```

Reviewer: Remember we should use estimates from their docs (1000*4 = 4096) instead of the 4500 which came from a specific user's context and use-case

Reviewer: Note this will need a new regen of the README as well

Author: sure
